[Music]
welcome to my kitchen and to this new
series on family cooking today I'm going
to show you how to make a really easy
prayer light using just a few
ingredients that you might find in your
free that fridge and store cupboard
[Music]
so you'll need some paella rice I've got
300 grams here to feed four people you
could use a borio rice if that's what
you've got some frozen king prawns you
can use a mixture of seafood again if
that's what you put in your freezer one
onion a couple of garlic cloves a stock
cube I'm going to put some chorizo in
mine but again leave it out if you don't
like it a tin of chopped tomatoes some
parsley and lemon some saffron and
finally some paprika so my first job is
just to finely chop the onion crush the
garlic and slice the Cheapside
[Music]
okay over to the hull I'm just going to
keep a nice medium sized pan over a
medium heat and add a couple of
tablespoons of olive oil and to that I'm
gonna add the onions now just sweat
those for a few minutes until they're
nice and tender the onions a little nice
and soft now so I'm going to add in the
garlic and the turrets so and we'll just
cook that for another couple of minutes
[Music]
so it is sizzling I'm just going to make
a stop keep up with about 500 mils of
water you need 900 mils
for this recipe in total I'll add the
rest later and I'll also add to that
pinch of saffron now again if you can't
find saffron don't worry too much you
can leave it out and it just adds a
really nice and thin tip flavor and you
just want a tiny pinch so you can see
the tube it's so has let off some of it
lovely
paprika slipped oils into the pan which
is exactly what we want so now I can add
some more ingredients I'm going to add a
dash vector Patrick Curtis we're really
nice too smoky flavor
so you want about a teaspoon then you
can go in with your paella ride and a
whole tin of chopped tomatoes give that
a nice day
okay so that's just been cooking for a
minute now we're going to pull in our
hot chicken stock with that saffron in
the water and I'm going to cook that for
about 15 minutes and top it up with a
little bit more water as it cooks and
you'll need about nine hundred mils in
total of stock in there or liquid and so
just cook that for about 15 minutes
without a lid on letting it bubble away
and stirring it every now and then until
the rice is just starting to become a
little bit more tender so the rice has
been cooking for about 15 minutes now
and you can see it's absorbed most of
the liquid I've added the full nine
hundred mils now so I'm just going to
mix in the prawns and cook that for
about another five minutes or just until
those prawns are cooked through okay so
I just pop the lid over the last few
minutes to help the prawns cook through
and it can take it off now and the rice
and the prawns are all cooked really
nicely so just one final thing we're
going to add a squeeze of lemon and some
chopped parsley and we're ready to serve
so no surprise I've been joined by one
of my little ones for the tasty yeah so
that is a really easy version of a
classic paella and you can make up high
using a few ingredients I really hope
you love it
[Music]